README.md, before:

# Speak4Me - Eye-to-Speech Solution

> The student Speak4Me project wants to help people who are unable to communicate verbally and suffer from severe physical disabilities by providing a wearable “eye-to-speech” solution that allows basic communication. By using our device, users can express themselves with customizable phrases using situational and self-defined profiles that allow them to communicate with their environment with 128 phrases. Through simple eye movements within certain timeframes and directions Speak4Me will output audible predefined phrases and allow basic communication. A simple Web-Interface allows the creation of profiles, without any limitation on word complexity or length. Following a simple step by step video tutorial Speak4Me can be built for around 100$, which is way below given solutions.

We have published a detailed project description on [Arduino Project Hub](https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/395569/eye-to-speech-module-7203f9?ref=user&ref_id=1136850&offset=0). There you can find in-depth information about the project, including motivation, design methodology and solution design (hardware/software). We appreciate likes/respects and comments to the project. 

The project website with do-it-yourself video tutorials, a no-code customization tool, and more information is available as part of the project's GitHub page: [https://speak4me.github.io/speak4me/](https://speak4me.github.io/speak4me/)

If you are interested in the project or have any suggestions for improvement, please feel free to raise an issue.

Commit message:

Add Hackday info, prize references and video link

README.md, after:

# Speak4Me - Eye-to-Speech Solution

> The student Speak4Me project wants to help people who are unable to communicate verbally and suffer from severe physical disabilities by providing a wearable “eye-to-speech” solution that allows basic communication. By using our device, users can express themselves with customizable phrases using situational and self-defined profiles that allow them to communicate with their environment with 128 phrases. Through simple eye movements within certain timeframes and directions Speak4Me will output audible predefined phrases and allow basic communication. A simple Web-Interface allows the creation of profiles, without any limitation on word complexity or length. Following a simple step by step video tutorial Speak4Me can be built for around 100$, which is way below given solutions.

### Short trailer and demonstration of the project
[![Watch the video](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/32959219/133938213-7a7e2456-da80-4135-9fb9-b234d3623db9.png)](https://vimeo.com/515013542)

We have published a detailed project description on [Arduino Project Hub](https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/395569/eye-to-speech-module-7203f9?ref=user&ref_id=1136850&offset=0) and [Hackdaday.io](https://hackaday.io/project/180893-eye-to-speech-module). There we also participate in the Hackadayprize 2021 and made it to the top 10 in the pre-selection competition [Reimagine Supportive Tech](https://hackaday.com/2021/08/31/ten-winners-of-the-hackaday-prize-supportive-tech-challenge/). In these blogs you can find in-depth information about the project, including motivation, design methodology and solution design (hardware/software). We appreciate likes/respects and comments to the project. 

The project website with do-it-yourself video tutorials, a no-code customization tool, and more information is available as part of the project's GitHub page: [https://speak4me.github.io/speak4me/](https://speak4me.github.io/speak4me/)

If you are interested in the project or have any suggestions for improvement, please feel free to raise an issue.

---
Blogs & news reporting:

- [Arduino Blog](https://blog.arduino.cc/2021/09/01/speak4me-is-an-eye-to-speech-module-designed-to-assist-those-unable-to-communicate-verbally/)
